docs: PCP-778 added pages for Cox Edge (#1110)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/01-public-cloud/05.5-cox-edge/20-create-cox-cluster.md

1.  Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com)

2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**.

3. Click on **+ Add New Cluster** and select **Deploy New Cluster**.

4. Pick **Cox Edge** from the list of infrastructure providers.

5. Fill out the input fields and Click on **Next**.
 
    - Cluster name: The name of the new cluster.
    - Description:  A text value that explains the cluster.
    - Tags: Assign tags to the cluster.
    - Cloud Account: Select your Cox Edge account.

6. Select a cluster profile that is compatible with Cox Edge. If you need guidance in creating a cluster profile, check out the [Creating Cluster Profiles](/cluster-profiles/task-define-profile) guide.

7. Review the cluster profile and all of its manifest files. Select **Next** to continue.

8. Fill out the inputs fields and select **Next**.
    - SSH Keys: Select an SSH key pair or create a new key pair. 
    - Load Balancer PoP: The location of where you want to deploy the cluster compute resources.
    - Organization: The Cox Edge organization to target for the deployment.
    - Environment:  The Cox Edge environment to deploy the compute resources.

>     - Update worker pools in parallel: Toggle this checkbox if you wish to update worker pool nodes in parallel.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Update worker pools in parallel: Enable this checkbox if you wish to update worker pool nodes in parallel.
```

9. Fill out the input fields for both the **master-pool** and the **worker-pool** and select **Next**.
    #### Master Pool configuration:

>     - Allow worker capability: Toggle this checkbox to allow the control plane node to handle workloads.

Reviewer: Same comment as for line 64 re 'toggle'.

>     - Allow worker capability: Toggle this checkbox to allow the control plane node to handle workloads.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Allow worker capability: Enable this checkbox to allow the control plane node to handle workloads.
```

    - Additional Labels: Add Kubernetes values to the cluster.

>     - Taints: Toggle to enable taint. If enabled, you will have the option to specify the taint label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Taints: Toggle on to enable taint. If enabled, you will have the option to specify the taint label.
```

    - Cloud Configuration: 
        - Deployment Name: The name to assign the Cox Edge deployment.
        - PoP: The Cox Edge location to target.
        - Instance Type: The compute size.
        - Network policies: The network rules to apply to the deployment. Review the list of required network policies in the [Network Rules](/clusters/public-cloud/cox-edge/network-rules) documentation.
    
    <br />

    <WarningBox>

>     Use the network rules specified in the [Network Rules](/clusters/public-cloud/cox-edge/network-rules) documentation. If you fail to add the required network rules Palette will be unable to deploy the cluster to Cox Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the network rules specified in the [Network Rules](/clusters/public-cloud/cox-edge/network-rules) documentation. If you fail to add the required network rules, Palette will be unable to deploy the cluster to Cox Edge.
```

    </WarningBox>

      #### Worker Pool configuration:
      - Node pool name: The name of the worker node pool.

>       - Enable Autoscaler: Enable to automatically scale the size of the node pool. Set a minimum and maximum pool size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Enable Autoscaler: Enable this option to automatically scale the size of the node pool. Set a minimum and maximum pool size.
```

>       - Rolling update: Apply the update policy. Expand first launches new nodes and then terminates old notes. Contract first terminates old nodes and then launches new nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Rolling update: Apply the update policy. **Expand first** launches new nodes and then terminates old notes. **Contract first** terminates old nodes and then launches new ones.
```

      - Additional Labels: Add Kubernetes values to the cluster.

>       - Taints: Toggle to enable taint. If enabled, you will have the option to specify the taint label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Taints: Toggle on to enable taint. If enabled, you will have the option to specify the taint label.
```

      - Cloud Configuration: 
        - Deployment Name: The name to assign the Cox Edge deployment.
        - PoP: The Cox Edge location to target.
        - Instance Type: The compute size.
        - Network policies: The network rules to apply to the deployment. Review the list of required network policies in the [Network Rules](/clusters/public-cloud/cox-edge/network-rules) documentation.

> 10. The settings page is where you can configure patching schedule, security scans, backup settings, setup role based access control (RBAC), and enable [Palette Virtual Clusters](/devx/palette-virtual-clusters). Review the settings and make changes if needed. Click on **Validate**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. The settings page is where you can configure patching schedule, security scans, backup settings, set up role-based access control (RBAC), and enable [Palette Virtual Clusters](/devx/palette-virtual-clusters). Review the settings and make changes if needed. Click **Validate**.
```

> 11. Review the settings summary and click on **Finish Configuration** to deploy the cluster. Be aware that provisioning IaaS clusters can take several minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Review the settings summary and click **Finish Configuration** to deploy the cluster. Be aware that provisioning IaaS clusters can take several minutes.
```

> The cluster details page of the cluster contains the status and details of the deployment. Use this page to track the deployment progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster details page contains the status and details of the deployment. Use this page to track the deployment progress.
```

## Validation

> You can validate your cluster is up and running by reviewing the cluster details page. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and click on **Clusters**. The **Clusters** page contains a list of all available clusters managed by Palette. Click on the row for the cluster you wish to review its details page. Ensure the **Cluster Status** field contains the value **Running**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can validate your cluster is up and running by reviewing the cluster details page. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and click **Clusters**. The **Clusters** page contains a list of all available clusters Palette manages. Select the cluster to review its details page. Ensure the **Cluster Status** field contains the value **Running**.
```

# Delete a Cox Edge IaaS Cluster

> The deletion of a Cox Edge cluster results in the removal of all instances and associated resources created for the cluster. To perform a cluster deletion, use the following steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you delete a Cox Edge cluster, all instances and associated resources created for the cluster are removed. To delete a cluster, use the following steps. 
```

1. Ensure you are in the correct project scope.

> 2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and click on **Clusters**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and click **Clusters**.
```

> 3. Click on the cluster that you want to remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the cluster you want to delete.
```

> 4. Click on the **Settings** drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the **Settings** drop-down menu and select **Delete Cluster**.
```

> 5. Click on **Delete Cluster**

Reviewer: Combined this with step 4.

> 6. Type in the name of the cluster and click on **OK**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Type the name of the cluster and click **OK**
```

> The cluster status is updated to **Deleting** while cluster resources are being deleted. Once all resources are successfully deleted, the cluster status is updated to **Deleted** and is removed from the list of clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster status is updated to **Deleting** while cluster resources are being deleted. When all resources are successfully deleted, the cluster status is updated to **Deleted** and the cluster is removed from the list.
```

## Force Delete a Cluster

If a cluster is stuck in the **Deletion** state for a minimum of 15 minutes it becomes eligible for force deletion. You can force delete a cluster from the tenant and project admin scope.

> To force delete a cluster follow the same steps outlined in [Delete a Cox Edge IaaS Cluster](#delete-a-cox-edge-iaas-cluster). However, after 15 minutes, a **Force Delete Cluster** option is available in the **Settings** drop-down menu. The **Settings** drop-down menu will provide you with an estimated time left before the force deletion becomes available..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To force delete a cluster follow the same steps outlined in [Delete a Cox Edge IaaS Cluster](#delete-a-cox-edge-iaas-cluster). However, after 15 minutes, a **Force Delete Cluster** option is available in the **Settings** drop-down menu. The **Settings** drop-down menu provides you with an estimated time left before the force deletion becomes available.
```
